Add docs for autoscaling feature (#1836)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-google/overview.md

We use Google [Private Service Connect]((https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/private-service-connect)) (PSC) to securely connect NGINXaaS to your applications and enable client access to your deployments. A [PSC backend](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/private-service-connect#backends) brings the NGINXaaS deployment into your client network, allowing your application clients to connect seamlessly. A [PSC Interface](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/private-service-connect#interfaces) brings the deployment into your application network, enabling secure connectivity to your applications. This approach gives you full control over traffic flow by leveraging your own networking resources, so you can apply your preferred security controls and ensure a secure deployment environment.

#### Connection draining

> During scaling, some connections older than 60 seconds might be reset. The service automatically handles reconnects, so you don't need to wait before reconnecting.

Reviewer: Is this true for scale up or just scale down?  Not sure if this is important enough to distinguish, but just throwing the question out there.

Author: I think for scale down.

### NGINX Capacity Unit (NCU)

An NGINX Capacity Unit (NCU) quantifies the capacity of an NGINX deployment based on the underlying compute resources. This abstraction allows you to specify the desired capacity in NCUs without having to consider the regional hardware differences.

> You can reserve a minimum capacity for your deployment. The deployment automatically scales up or down based on the traffic demands but also ensures it does not go below the minimum reserved capacity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An NGINX Capacity Unit (NCU) quantifies the capacity of an NGINX deployment based on its underlying compute resources. This abstraction lets you specify capacity in NCUs without considering hardware differences between regions.
You can reserve a minimum capacity for your deployment. The deployment automatically scales up or down based on traffic demand and makes sure it never drops below the reserved minimum.
```
